Add recovery procedure for TF state failing to update (#2126) (#2259)
DataBiosphere/azul: README.md

… to update the Terraform state so that it reflects the deletion of the
Elasticsearch domain. Now running `make deploy` should succeed. 

## Terraform fails to update `tfstate` while running `make deploy`

> Terraform can successfully run by creating, refreshing and deleting resources 

Author: >is that statement there to inform us of a successful terraform run looks like?

Yea, but I simply included the traceback of the error to avoid all the other complexities.

but fail to update its state, leaving Terraform in undesirable conditions. 
When this happens Terraform will dump `errored.tfstate` to the `terraform`

> directory, from there run …

Author: No, no precedence, I thought it was a good transition but it didn't sound that smooth, I added the command instead, as suggested.

> directory, from there run …

Reviewer: I think these sections of documentation that instruct / inform someone how to perform an operation should get standardized, i also ran into something similar earlier this week.
https://github.com/DataBiosphere/azul/pull/2291#discussion_r496096206

… to update the Terraform state so that it reflects the deletion of the
Elasticsearch domain. Now running `make deploy` should succeed. 

## `NoCredentialProviders` while running `make deploy`
```
Failed to save state: failed to upload state: NoCredentialProviders: no valid providers in chain. 
…
The error shown above has prevented Terraform from writing the updated state
to the configured backend. To allow for recovery, the state has been written
to the file "errored.tfstate" in the current working directory.

Running "terraform apply" again at this point will create a forked state,
making it harder to recover.
```  
This happens when the auth token expires mid flight of `terraform apply`,

> confirm auth by running `_preauth`. Then run …

Reviewer: You might want to add `_preauth` to the list of commands to run below, if you do follow the `()` usage, you don't need to include `_preauth` in the subshell.

```

> $ cd terraform

Reviewer: Nit 1. I would drop the `$` so people can copy paste the line. 
Nit 2. @hannes-ucsc recommended to me to use `()` subshells  in another PR, i would suggest it here.

```
(cd terraform && terraform state push errored.tfstate)
```

… to update the Terraform state so that it reflects the deletion of the
Elasticsearch domain. Now running `make deploy` should succeed. 

## `NoCredentialProviders` while running `make deploy`

> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you get 

```
```

Failed to save state: failed to upload state: NoCredentialProviders: no valid providers in chain.
…
The error shown above has prevented Terraform from writing the updated state
to the configured backend. To allow for recovery, the state has been written
to the file "errored.tfstate" in the current working directory.

Running "terraform apply" again at this point will create a forked state,
making it harder to recover.
```

> This happens when the auth token expires mid flight of `terraform apply`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This happens when the temporary STS credentials expire while `terraform apply` is running. To fix run 
```

Run …

```
_preauth
(cd terraform && terraform state push errored.tfstate)
```

> … to re-authenticate and to write the Terraform updated state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
… to refresh the credentials and upload the updated Terraform state to the configuration bucket.
```

Too sloppy with the words here.

… to update the Terraform state so that it reflects the deletion of the
Elasticsearch domain. Now running `make deploy` should succeed. 

## `NoCredentialProviders` while running `make deploy`

If you get

```
Failed to save state: failed to upload state: NoCredentialProviders: no valid providers in chain.
…
The error shown above has prevented Terraform from writing the updated state
to the configured backend. To allow for recovery, the state has been written
to the file "errored.tfstate" in the current working directory.

Running "terraform apply" again at this point will create a forked state,
making it harder to recover.
```

> This happens when the temporary STS credentials expire while `terraform apply`

Reviewer 2: The sentence starts starts with "If you get" so this paragraph needs to complete the sentence. The sentence doesn't need to start with "If you get" but there needs to be something before the literal block and the part before and after need to tie together.

is running. To fix, run

```
_preauth
(cd terraform && terraform state push errored.tfstate)
```

> … to refresh the credentials and upload the updated Terraform state to the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
… to refresh the credentials and upload the most recent Terraform state to the
```
